docs: add match stream route with SNI tutorial (#1543)
apache/apisix-ingress-controller: docs/en/latest/tutorials/match-stream-route-by-sni.md

# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
-->

SNI(Server Name Indication) is an extension to the TLS protocol which allows a client to indicate which hostname it is attempting to connect to at the start of the TCP handshaking process.
Instead of requiring a different IP address for each SSL site, you can use SNI to install and configure multiple SSL sites to one IP address.

This guide walks through how to use the ApisixTls and ApisixRoute to route TLS-encrypted traffic to the TCP-based services with SNI.

## Prerequisites

- an available Kubernetes cluster.
- an available APISIX and APISIX Ingress Controller installation.

> First of all, when installing APISIX, we need to enable TLS for the TCP address for APISIX in the Helm Chart, assume that enable tls on TCP port 6379.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, when installing APISIX, we need to enable TLS for the TCP address for APISIX in the Helm Chart, assume that TLS is enabled on TCP port 6379.
```

```bash
openssl req -new -newkey rsa:2048 -days 365 -nodes -x509 -keyout redis-1.key -out redis-1.crt -subj "/CN=redis-1.com"
openssl req -new -newkey rsa:2048 -days 365 -nodes -x509 -keyout redis-2.key -out redis-2.crt -subj "/CN=redis-2.com"
```

Use kubectl with the tls secret type to create the Secrets using the certificate file and the key file.

```bash
kubectl create secret tls redis-1-secret --cert=./redis-1.crt --key=./redis-1.key
kubectl create secret tls redis-2-secret --cert=./redis-2.crt --key=./redis-2.key
```

## Create ApisixTls associated with Secret

Create ApisixTls associated with Secret resource, note the hosts field should match the domain or hostname in the certificate.
The apisix-ingress-controller will generate an APISIX SSL object in the APISIX.

```yaml
apiVersion: apisix.apache.org/v2
kind: ApisixTls
metadata:
  name: redis-1-tls
spec:
  hosts:
    - redis-1.com
  secret:
    name: redis-1-secret
    namespace: default
---
apiVersion: apisix.apache.org/v2
kind: ApisixTls
metadata:
  name: redis-2-tls
spec:
  hosts:
    - redis-2.com
  secret:
    name: redis-2-secret
    namespace: default
```

> ## Create ApisixRoute match the stream route with SNI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create ApisixRoute that matches the stream route with SNI
```
